right hello everyone I'm uh I'm letting
people know that I am a fan of the brac
show that's right it's a show that was
pretty awesome back in the day well not
too far back I think was like a few
years ago and there's this one episode
where zorak he uh he had a new voice
voice that was pretty badass and what he
would do he would sing with that voice
so I'm going to entertain y'all with a
little bit of something that was sung by
Zurich alright so let's get this thing
started and uh goes a little something
like this yeah
I'm gonna kick your ass until your head
falls off then I kick your head and kick
your ass again why
I don't think you got the message open
the door sucker it's all right I'm here
to kick your ass
yes your ass
I love beating people love it's what I
do and if your lame-ass had any friends
I kick their asses too
oh yeah come on every time I see you
come and I feel sick but least I know
your ass is mine to kick why
don't you been that fat load over Otis
steady zorax ready to kick your ass
yes and
ass look at your a cheek then I can't
your left cheek a woman I kick bo cheeks
run on into next week I'm gonna turn my
foot sideways gonna kick that ass for
dailies there's another clueless job
time to let my I put me wrong kick your
ass get your ass kicked your ass kicked
your ass I'm gonna kick your ass that's
right zorak man you're freaking awesome
no I'm saying if y'all haven't seen the
bread show I'm sure it's on YouTube you
know I'm giving my big ups to the brac
show us practice cool and also a little
bit off topic but um I'm also given what
up to a fellow asian such as myself
yours out I'm am I heard you got the big
200 subscribers that is very good you do
better job you are inspiration number
one Ichiban number one alright man peace